 Welcome to Wikipedia From today's featured article Did you know ... In the news On this day Today's featured picture Other areas of Wikipedia Wikipedia's sister projects Wikipedia languages 
  Robert Kaske (1921–1989) was an American professor of medieval literature who founded the medieval studies program at Cornell University in Ithaca, New York. He published lengthy interpretations of Beowulf and of poems and passages by Dante and Chaucer. Kaske particularly enjoyed solving difficult, puzzling passages in works such as Pearl, Piers Plowman, the Divine Comedy, "The Husband's Message" and "The Descent into Hell". In 1975 he was appointed chief editor of the journal Traditio. Over the course of his career he collected what one former student termed "most of the awards and honors possible for a medieval scholar", including fellowships from the National Endowment for the Humanities and the American Council of Learned Societies, and two Guggenheim Fellowships. In 1988 Kaske published Medieval Christian Literary Imagery: A Guide to Interpretation, which colleagues called a "magisterial work". (Full article...)
 September 5
 $1: George Washington
 $5: Abraham Lincoln
 Silver certificates are a type of representative money issued between 1878 and 1964 in the United States as part of its circulation of paper currency. They were produced in response to silver agitation by citizens who were angered by the Coinage Act of 1873, which had effectively placed the United States on a gold standard. Since 1968 they have been redeemable only in Federal Reserve Notes and are thus obsolete, but they remain legal tender at their face value and hence are still an accepted form of currency. This is a complete set of the 1923 series of large-size silver certificates, designed by the Bureau of Engraving and Printing and comprising two denominations, one dollar and five dollars. On the obverse, each banknote bears the portrait of a US president (George Washington and Abraham Lincoln) and the engraved signatures of a register of the Treasury (W. O. Woods and H. V. Speelman) and a treasurer of the United States (H. T. Tate and Frank White).
 Banknote design credit: Bureau of Engraving and Printing Wikipedia is written by volunteer editors and hosted by the Wikimedia Foundation, a non-profit organization that also hosts a range of other volunteer projects:
 This Wikipedia is written in English. Many other Wikipedias are available; some of the largest are listed below.
 
 